because last week Tim lost oh yeah
because he lost he needs to wear the
head of shame so this is going to happen
you should be wearing it with style i am
going to wear the head of shame I feel
very ashamed right now yes yes that's
what I'm talking about no it took you
like a full second to realize what just
happened yeah please I get to realize as
you called it yeah what oh that's great
so this is the whole game this is
actually the whole game oh really okay
yeah look I like you what you love it
right I love music yes no it's not a
game I will play for five hours in the
road cuz it looks a bit like a flash
game to be honest originally it wasn't
fish yeah
bring in
yes why did I push the yeah it was in
slow mo yeah yeah working stiffs oh
there's an achievement why that's easy I
did nothing let's easy I don't know well
you press the button that did so with
great skill all right kill them kill
them all Wow Oh second achievement boy
chain of come on that's cuz you using
the chain I get a feeling this isn't oh
c'mon what ok this is clear sign this is
a fucker game this is just like Naruto
no no not on route oh it was oh hey yeah
you're right avatar your pro holy fuck
wats about machine what the hell you've
never played this before right yep
believe i can fly probably we can shoot
an arrow in your face I don't have any
arrows left man oh you're gonna get this
for
oh fuck and you feel like a being chased
at it oh hi oh nice nice nice that's
great wait where you sleep 15 come on ah
that's it your foods yes yeah we are
going to e3 in June just like we did
last year and we actually want you guys
to provide us some feedback it's also
good to mention that Tara is also
joining us so yeah it will be us two and
Tara yeah and yeah we are open to any
suggestions you may have one of all
suggestions but let's keep it decent but
yeah meets leper and there's another
achievement armed and dangerous get it
they could have done a great one would
need slapper
I need to throw them to the M
okay fuck this game oh you're bubbled up
what Oh what up boy give me that arrow
as well and now I just need to hunt you
down oh my god that was maybe the
stupidest thing ever its game that was
lucky guys that was the best the timing
was perfect you I need 200 oh my god I
think I have like really ugly Donkey
Kong shirt with its glitter on this
match is about assured yeah that's fugly
this fugly a donkey kong sure that's
fugly and yeah if you lose again alright
alright alright okay but if you lose
you'll need to wear the fugly doggy cone
shirts next time you're on the stream
yeah okay rob is orange tim is blue Oh
eat it come on oh yes yes oh that's
gonna be my new chant it's gonna be the
Daniel O'Brien yes go hashtag Tim and go
yes yes yes in the chair no you can't
have to bubble shields you fucking
greedy bitch yes yes yes yes fuck that's
my one arrow
I'll got you both I have none oh god
damn it yes yes there was nice like the
the movement in here yeah what the fuck
is what the fuck was that I know I had a
bubble butt what the fuck happened Luke
you just spray to ya your arrows
everywhere alright cool bubbled up as
well all right come on boy come on oh
fuck me oh Jesus oh it's close oh you
should oh come on how did that should
have hit you yeah there we go there we
go finally I win a match once again oh I
from I win a fucking match okay so
that's gonna be Donkey Kong I'm already
freaking of the door I assure it next
time sweetie full screen well there are
sexy princess peach outfits yes look at
a lie but those aren't made by nintendo
you're right they're not even indoors
but another thing day they support the
the yeah well they do have some sort of
upskirt thing in the cinema mode from
brawl right dislike this you can like I
think I've heard about it you could
sneak on there oh well well let's let's
go into the upskirt Chris's pizza don't
see that thanks for your support thank
you everybody for supporting team Tim it
really helped me Robert for that night
there was no there wasn't a single team
Robert in the chest you are whining the
whole time it's true oh thank you guys
for watching yeah and we'll see you next
time see you later bye bye